[AUDIO LOGO]
>> SÉBASTIEN MARTIN: Zoar, to
me was an extraterrestrial being
that showed up in
my living room.
We want you now to awaken
the starseeds of this planet.
>> JOSH GOLEMBESKE: Wow,
so this was the beginning
of an awakening for you.
>> MARTIN: Yes, and so I
could no longer ignore it.
The Pleiadians can
manipulate the soul energy
to have other experiences on
other planets, including mine,
as Sébastien Martin today.
>> JOSH: At the same time?
>> MARTIN: At the same time.
By interacting with us
and what I'm doing today
and what we are discussing
today is also part of this, too.
And it's about raising
awareness, but also
raising one's consciousness.
And that's exactly
what's going to happen.
And that's what's
already happening.
[AUDIO LOGO]
>> JOSH: What happens when a
corporate leader breaks past
the limits of the material
world and connects with higher
dimensional intelligence?
Today on Cosmic
Disclosure, we're
joined by Sébastien Martin,
retired multinational chairman
and covert remote viewer
for a CIA analyst.
I'm Josh Golembeske, MUFON field
investigator and your guest host
today.
Sébastien, welcome
back to the show.
>> MARTIN: Well, thank you
so much for having me, Josh.
>> JOSH: Of course.
First of all, I want
to say thank you
for continuing to come
forward with this information.
These times are so important for
whistleblowers to come forward.
>> MARTIN: Mm-hmm.
>> JOSH: Now, let's just start
with this incredible interaction
you had with a being named Zoar.
It was profound and
transformational.
What should we know about
that encounter in particular?
Or what's the takeaway
from encounters like that
in general for people?
>> MARTIN: Well, Zoar to me was
an extraterrestrial being that
showed up in my living
room back in 2011.
And I had no previous interest
in the UFO field or ET agenda
whatsoever.
So to me, it kind of
took me by surprise.
And I didn't know
what to expect.
I wasn't even thinking that
he was an alien to begin with.
I was just shocked when he
showed up in my living room.
>> JOSH: I imagine.
>> MARTIN: And the way he
portrayed himself as a physical
being who was standing up
in front of me was he looked
humanoid enough that I wasn't
really thinking ET right away.
But of course, he had much
bigger eyes and a forced smile.
And the smile was very
unusual because you
could see all his teeth and
he had a very fixed smile.
That to me was
very nerve wracking
because it was not normal.
And it was like fixed--
fixated in that pose.
And at the same time making
me feel very uncomfortable.
And yet, telepathically
speaking, he was telling me,
don't worry, this is normal.
My name is Zoar.
I'm from the Galactic
Alliance, and none of this
mattered to me because
it meant nothing,
like I had no previous
experiences about those kind
of words or nothing like that.
So how this being related
to other races at the time?
For me, it was not even
part of the question.
Obviously, I came to learn
more about them as I basically
got involved in
missions and these sorts
of things during remote
viewing and so on.
But at the time, Zoar was pretty
much like a new encounter that
made me question my reality
pretty much because everything
seems so strange.
You had an energy glow around
him, too, that was not natural.
But again, at the time, I
wasn't questioning any of this.
I was just being in the moment.
And I could feel that
my interactions with him
was somewhat different, that
there was a purpose to it.
I just didn't know the purpose.
But he knew that purpose.
So what I came to realize
is he recognized me.
He always recognized me,
but I did not recognize him.
>> JOSH: Interesting.
>> MARTIN: So his behavior and
what I came to learn as time
went by is that through hypnosis
sessions I did also to remember
what truly, what was the
connection with that being was
that he was part
of my star family,
that he was my younger brother.
>> JOSH: Oh, OK.
>> MARTIN: As a Pleiadian, I
was like being able to see all
of these offworld
events involving him,
involving my star
family, involving myself.
He broke protocols
to come to my life.
>> JOSH: Oh, really?
>> MARTIN: He was not supposed
to be interacting with me.
>> JOSH: Huh.
>> MARTIN: That was
against the agenda.
That was against
their beliefs as well.
Like, we as a soul being had to
experience my life as a human
being and just live my life
just having regular emotions,
feeling all sorts of
the range of emotions
that human beings have.
And again, why would
you think that that
would be important to them?
As superior beings, you
would think that they
would know about all of this.
But somehow it seemed like they
were completely disconnected
from the human emotions.
They had none.
And Zoar had no
emotions towards me.
The forced smile, like the joy
or happiness that he displayed,
was just a mimic.
It's something that he
observed but didn't feel.
>> JOSH: That's why he
was a little off setting.
>> MARTIN: Yes, that's right.
But I could connect
to his energy.
And at the same time, I believe
that the excitement was also
paired with some kind of
danger because he was not
supposed to be there.
And that messed up
a lot of things,
in my life as well as theirs.
Like I'm talking
about my star family.
>> JOSH: What do
you mean by that?
How did it affect
your star family?
>> MARTIN: Again, The only
agenda was my purpose was
to live my life as a human
being and only experience human
emotions and live and die.
That's it.
Nothing else.
Very simple.
>> JOSH: OK.
>> MARTIN: I'm pretty sure a lot
of that is also expected from
other starseeds or experiencers
on this planet, too.
They may explore other avenues
because of their knowledge
or interactions
with those beings
through channeling
all these things.
So that might change
their frequency
and they may evolve
into higher dimensions,
perhaps down the line.
But for me, I wasn't in
that mode whatsoever.
I was not interested
in any of that.
I was a businessman.
I was just conducting my
business, making money.
I was pretty much completely
grounded and into the 3D
reality.
To me, that was a shock.
And having been presented
with all this information
completely, like I said, changed
my reality, but also my purpose.
And because of that,
my star family again
told me after that
first encounter
saying, because your
life has changed,
we want you now to awaken
the starseeds of this planet.
But again, there was no agenda.
There was no manual given to me.
It's a very huge responsibility
without the tools,
being given to me.
I had no-- so I gave it up.
I just ignored it for years.
>> JOSH: Wow.
So this was the beginning
of an awakening for you.
>> MARTIN: Yes.
>> JOSH: A transition for you,
even from 3D to potentially 4D.
>> MARTIN: Yes, yes.
It was such a huge awakening.
And at the same
time, at first it
didn't seem to be
that much of an issue
because it was
just one encounter.
Sure, it did create a
huge imbalance in my life,
but I was still--
like I said, I was still trying
to find balance and peace
through this and trying
to get rid of the anxiety
that I used to have
through visions
I had before this encounter.
So for me, I was trying
to find a level of calm
through running my business
and handling my employees
and ignoring all of this.
I was trying to
put it behind me.
This was not
important to me then.
I was just trying to
discard it and ignore it.
But it came back to
me in full force.
And it kept coming.
And so I could no
longer ignore it.
And I always tried to stay
true to myself and to others.
And so when I had to talk
about my experiences to friends
and family members and
these sort of things,
many people would be
scared to talk about this.
And I was, too.
And through this experience,
I've lost friendships
and I've lost my marriage, too.
>> JOSH: Oh, I'm
sorry to hear that.
>> MARTIN: Yeah, just because
I was a different person then
to the point where I became
a weirdo trying to talk about
aliens and UFOs and
this sort of things.
And that became unusual to them.
>> JOSH: I just want to back
up for one second, though.
There was something
you said that was super
interesting and fascinating.
So these Pleiadians have
protocols to interact with us?
What does that mean?
What are the protocols, and
what specifically did he break?
>> MARTIN: So when Zoar
showed up in my living room,
he appeared physical
to me in the 3D world,
but I knew that he was not
physical because when he
disappeared on me, he
disappeared in a haze.
So he vanished.
And that's when I realized
he was not there physically.
It was more of a hologram.
So somehow, he came to me
through a certain channel,
showing up to me, and
so I could see him.
And I came to realize that
the Galactic Alliance, which
he was part of had treaties in
place between various nations
or various alien races.
And they all each have to
respect that those treaties.
And therefore,
and one of them is
to not interact with the human
race on their own experiences.
>> JOSH: Really?
So it's like we have free will.
>> MARTIN: We pretty
much have free will.
And it's also about a
place of learning for them.
So interacting with
us will completely
change the way they could
learn from us as human beings.
If we become aware
of their existence,
then it could completely
change the way
we feel emotions and the way
we interact with other people
on this planet.
What I came to realize
is that they have
an agenda that is very timely.
So everything is timed.
And for Zor to show up to
me was not the right time.
It was not supposed
to be happening.
But for some reason, it did.
>> JOSH: Why?
>> MARTIN: As to why?
>> JOSH: Yeah, why?
>> MARTIN: I don't know.
What came to me was--
he was just happy to see me.
I don't know why exactly.
It sounded pretty
immature in a sense.
>> JOSH: Like a kid or
teenager breaking a rule?
>> MARTIN: Pretty much, yes.
I mean, he looked like
a 20, 25-year-old guy.
>> JOSH: Oh, really?
OK.
>> MARTIN: But I knew that
he was over 10,000 years old.
>> JOSH: Oh.
>> MARTIN: Which, in
essence, is nothing for them.
>> JOSH: That's
still a kid for them.
>> MARTIN: Yes, yes.
>> JOSH: Oh, wow.
OK.
>> MARTIN: And I'm supposed
to be his older brother.
So I saw myself as a
Pleiadian on the spaceship.
I did see myself on
a slab and not dead.
I was just simply
having this experience.
>> JOSH: OK, wait.
So in this
experience, Sébastien,
you're reporting that
you saw your Pleiadian
self lying on a slab on a ship?
>> MARTIN: Yes.
>> JOSH: How does that work?
What does that mean?
>> MARTIN: I was as
shocked as you are.
For me, it was--
I saw myself, I recognized
myself on this slab.
And I was breathing.
I was not dead.
And I came to realize
through experiences
as well, not just one time--
I had multiple
confirmations of this--
is that the Pleiadians can
manipulate the soul energy
to have other experiences on
other planets, including mine,
as Sébastien Martin today.
>> JOSH: At the same time?
>> MARTIN: At the same time.
So that being
while in our future
still breathe on this timeline.
So we are part of this
timeline, but in the future.
And they are connecting
this experience
with my experience
on Earth today.
So while they are in
the future, they still
learn from that
at the same time.
>> JOSH: Wow, that's incredible.
>> MARTIN: And I don't know
exactly how that works,
for example, myself as a
Pleiadian on a spaceship.
And if he wakes up and shares
the information with the star
family or the
Galactic Alliance, I
do believe it works differently.
I think that they
connect to the experience
through almost like telepathy
or the Looking Glass
technology or sorts,
like, almost like they can
see what's going on visually.
So they can see and
they can relate to that.
And also, through
the use of implants.
>> JOSH: OK.
So I'm a little confused.
So in the future, your Pleiadian
self is lying on a slab.
Are they always
lying on the slab
while you live this
lifetime or no,
he gets up, you get up
and walk around and like--
>> MARTIN: I don't know.
Because I could only
see certain events.
I'm aware of other
people on Earth
that I know of that are part of
the Galactic Alliance as well,
and are connected to them.
We recognize each other.
I'm able to talk to them,
and they have full recall
of their place in life as well.
>> JOSH: Oh, wow.
>> MARTIN: Some of them
work for the US government.
Yeah, yeah.
>> JOSH: OK.
>> MARTIN: And some of them are
hybrids and some of them are
basically have full knowledge
of who they are and what
they're supposed to be
doing for the government,
even for the SSP.
>> JOSH: Wow.
So they're high-level
ranking type officers?
OK, doing the work.
Wow.
OK.
>> MARTIN: For what I
understood, I, from the future,
they do not reside in
our past or our present.
They do come from the future,
our future, from this timeline.
And what I came to realize
is, while we are the ancestors
and we are basically there to
learn and to evolve, to be them,
eventually, we are almost
stuck within a certain time
loop, like between them and us.
So as they interact with
us one way or the other,
through telepathic
communications,
through downloads,
through whatever ways
they can do without breaking up
the treaties and the protocols,
then this is exactly
what's going on.
But it seems like those treaties
have been being modified,
or I would say, lately, changed.
So it's addressing a different
timeline on this planet
that the Pleiadians
have to be aware
that if they don't interact
with the humankind,
they will mess up with the
timeline or their timeline.
So what's happening is
by interacting with us
and what I'm doing today and
what we are discussing today
is also part of this, too.
And it's about raising
awareness, but also
raising one's consciousness.
So in order to evolve
as a human species,
we can accelerate the
process through these talks.
But for them, it also
changes their DNA.
It changes their history.
>> JOSH: That's fascinating.
>> MARTIN: Yeah.
For example, if they
accelerate the process
of learning on this planet, that
means they can evolve faster.
They can change.
And they can become
stronger or more, let's say,
talk about telepathy or
weaponries or whatever it is.
They will be able to have
an edge that they didn't
have in their current timeline.
So the timeline
is always changing
based on the interactions
they have with us.
>> JOSH: Oh, Wow.
That's really,
really interesting.
I don't think I've
ever heard that before.
That's kind of profound.
What I'm getting is that
humanity and the Pleiadians
are tied together in some
way with their evolution.
Correct?
>> MARTIN: Yes.
>> JOSH: But we're like, we're
a much younger race than them.
They're way older in the galaxy.
Like, how does that work?
Why are we so important to them?
>> MARTIN: Because we were
part of a massive genetic
manipulation with other races,
not just the Pleiadians.
So let's assume that we had the
Anunnaki, who basically came
to Earth, changed
the human genome,
and made us to the starting
point of who we are today.
It doesn't mean that
was the end of it.
There were other
manipulations going on.
So the Pleiadians became
a product of that.
And we are the source
of their existence.
So therefore, we are
important to them.
But they are
important to us, too.
Because without them,
we would not be--
or we could not be who
we are today as well.
So they are interacting with us
to still make us evolve faster
than what we should be.
But at the same time, on
a cosmic side of things,
yo have to realize that
in the cosmic realm,
other races are already evolving
as well at the same time.
So they each evolve accordingly.
We have to keep
up with the pace.
So that's the reason
why, one, they
want us to evolve faster because
of it impacts their future,
it impacts their
evolution, their history.
They are aware
that they have lost
wars in the past because of a
lack of evolutionary position
from other races.
But that could change.
That means we could change
their future as well.
We are not the only experiment
in the universe that they have.
We are one of them.
So humankind is one
race on one planet.
But there are other races
that do exist on other planets
that they interact with in
the same shape of-- same way
as they do with us.
So the connection
that we have is
that if you consider
the source of energy
that we're all beings in the
universe or the cosmos related
to or a part of, these beings
are pretty much the same as us.
They also have a soul, too.
But the way their technologies
have allowed them to do
is to manipulate the soul
energy and split it up,
so they can split it
up and send it off
to other beings on other
planets to learn from them.
>> JOSH: What do you know about
the Pleiadian's origins and how
that interacts with
humanity's past?
>> MARTIN: Well, I do believe
that the Pleiadians are from
the Winter Triangle within
the Pleiades star cluster.
And there are other
planets around that
that the Pleiadians used to
colonize and moved away from.
So I'm aware of wars between
Pleiadians and the Draco
Reptilians, for example.
I've seen it as well.
So for me, like
all of this is part
of a much bigger agenda and
history that I'm fully aware of.
But the interaction
with the humankind
is also a survival
mode for them.
Like, they need us as
much as we need them.
Humanity or the human
evolution is without them
and without other
races, too, we would not
be able to evolve
to the next level.
So we need that
kind of interaction,
because there are some
other elements that
will occur on this planet
that will be completely
outside of our control.
And we have to be prepared
for those kind of events
down the line.
>> JOSH: Earlier you spoke about
how their evolution is tied
to ours.
Is that where you're kind
of talking about right now?
>> MARTIN: Yes, that's right.
The importance of the
humanity for the Pleiadians
is they don't exist without us.
So they have to safeguard
our planet and humanity
for their own sake.
So the Galactic
Alliance in my eyes
is there to oversee what's
happening on the planet.
>> JOSH: OK.
>> MARTIN: And this is not
just about the Pleiadians.
It's about other races,
too, involved in this agenda
on Earth.
So the Pleiadians
have their own agenda.
They also know that
humanity is part
of this evolutionary
process that
involves other races,
including the Greys.
>> JOSH: Wow, OK.
>> MARTIN: So whatever timeline
we are on and however it changes
over time, it
modifies their future.
And other races' futures, too.
And this is all part of
the Galactic Alliance.
So they are all
allowing it to happen,
because they're all
benefiting from it.
>> JOSH: Ah, OK.
I understand.
So now that we're talking about
evolution and transitioning,
what does that really
mean going from 3D to 4D?
And what signs or symptoms
are we seeing now.
Because it feels like we're kind
of in that transition, at least
for some people.
>> MARTIN: That's correct.
So I could just
give you an example
of simple remote viewers.
>> JOSH: Please.
>> MARTIN: As a remote viewer,
I'm still within the 3D reality
but going onto the 4D.
So basically the reason
why I'm saying that
is because when you interact
with the past, present,
and future, you can
see potential realities
for the future.
Everything was mixed.
And then I came to realize that
each event that I was seeing
had a different signature or
frequency, because everything
is energy, everything is
electric or electricity
in a way.
And I could feel that and
I could connect to that.
And that became
second nature now.
Now it's like, I don't
even question it anymore,
I just know.
>> JOSH: OK.
So some frequencies
would be darker,
and you'd see a timeline in the
future that wouldn't be so good.
And other ones, you
could see that we're
a better society in the future?
>> MARTIN: Yeah, I
wouldn't say it's darker.
It's just like to us
it might sound dark,
but maybe for the bigger scheme
of things, in the cosmos,
it might be a good thing.
We don't know.
>> JOSH: Oh, OK.
>> MARTIN: We're only seeing
it based on our own perspective
as human beings.
>> JOSH: So you're just seeing
different potential outcomes.
>> MARTIN: Yeah.
I think the potential outcomes
that I've seen for the future,
I do see, for
example, that people
will be evolving to be more
telepathic using telekinesis.
But again, are we prepared
to get into this realm,
into the 4D or the 5D?
I don't think we are as human
beings the way we are today,
we are relying too
much on technology.
And society has been
driven or created really
to subdue the races
and other people.
The media and everything that's
around us is embedding us
into these 3D reality and
don't want us to change.
Science is basically
the same thing.
They have dogmas
and protocols that
prevent us to move
up to the next level.
If they were embracing
other technologies
and even realizing that
the soul even exists,
they would be able to fast
forward science for hundreds
of years overnight.
They could do that today,
but they are preventing
it to happen for a reason.
>> JOSH: What's the reason?
>> MARTIN: Well, the reason is
because they want us to evolve.
>> JOSH: What other abilities or
revelations will come as people
shift from 3D to 4D?
Is there anything else
we should talk about?
>> MARTIN: Yeah, but you
have to realize something.
Like, in our society,
if we become telepathic
or we can use
telekinesis, can you
imagine the repercussions
it will have on people
who have bad intentions?
>> JOSH: Oh, yeah.
>> MARTIN: So what I'm saying
to you is moving forward,
the way we think about the world
and about society will change
drastically.
So it doesn't really
matter if you're a telepath
or if you can use telekinesis
is how you should be thinking.
The way you should
be thinking would
change as well, because
everything around us
will be different.
So the monetary system
as we know it today
will no longer exist.
>> JOSH: So we'll shed some of
these systems as we go forward.
>> MARTIN: Yes, exactly.
We will have to.
One doesn't exist
without the other.
>> JOSH: Huh, so it's less
about psychic abilities.
It's more about how
we perceive the world
and how we unroll all
these systems on top of us.
>> MARTIN: Everything we change.
So it's not just a matter
of gaining powers and trying
to evolve as a human race,
it's everything around it
will change because it has to.
>> JOSH: Well, I'm
looking forward to that.
So what do you think real
ascension, this process we're
talking about, asks like of
us, and not just personally,
like collectively?
>> MARTIN: Yes.
Individually speaking,
I can tell you
that your consciousness can
change many other people's
consciousness, too.
So your impact on the
collective consciousness
is, to me, one as
part of a whole.
We basically everybody
do their part,
but everybody is also subjected
to the same frequency.
So when we are being
subjected to one frequency,
everybody else is as well.
But everybody reacts
differently to it.
>> JOSH: OK.
>> MARTIN: And so some
are more attuned to it.
But everybody contributes to
the collective consciousness.
So eventually, this
consciousness, it's like--
you can imagine this
planet as a sphere,
and then you have
portions of it,
and then it merges like you
have different areas of energy.
And then those energies
connect to each other
and then forms a whole sphere.
That's pretty much
where we're at.
So in various
parts of the world,
people are experiencing
those changes
and you can see those
big pockets of energy.
And then it expands
and expands and expands
to eventually connect to
other energies on this planet
to make a total pure
sphere with no holes in it.
And that's what we're
going to be aiming to
for the different dimensions
or future dimensions.
So we're going to be able to
navigate from 3D to 4D to 5D
in a very seamless motion.
>> JOSH: That's beautiful.
So the individual
affects the collective.
And the more individuals
that are vibrating or hitting
the right frequency
makes the collective,
pick up speed as well.
And then more people-- it will
be easier for more people, too.
>> MARTIN: Exactly.
>> JOSH: Yeah, very fascinating.
>> MARTIN: So this timeline,
how we modify it is based
on our belief systems, too.
It's not just what we receive
as downloads or information,
it's what our mind can achieve.
So our belief system
is very powerful.
Not many people realize that.
You can imagine when you
feel stressed out or, for me,
when I had anxiety, it
was a state of mind.
Right?
That has an impact
on my physical body.
>> JOSH: Yeah.
Which would then
affect the collective.
>> MARTIN: Well, exactly.
So if you basically
have a state of mind
when you believe that
the future timeline would
be in a certain way, then that
is shared with the collective,
too.
And everybody will start
thinking the same way,
like a beehive in a situation,
because we are all connected.
>> JOSH: Yes.
>> MARTIN: And that's exactly
what's going to happen.
And that's what's
already happening.
>> JOSH: Sébastien, that
was beautifully put.
Thank you for everything
you exposed today for us.
>> MARTIN: Well, thank
you for having me.
>> JOSH: My name
is Josh Golembeski.
You're watching
Cosmic Disclosure.
We'll see you next time.
[AUDIO LOGO]